Shloka Kini: The authentication
context is a web service
that presents
the authentication UI
and communicates with
your identity provider server
to authenticate
your customer's credentials.
It is one of many steps
you will need to take
to get the Single Sign-On
feature for your TV provider
on iOS and tvOS devices
as part of the Apple TV
distribution program.
The authentication context
is a web service
hosted on your server that is
downloaded to an Apple device
and executed at run time.
When the authentication context
passes an authentication
response
to the VideoSubscriberAccount
framework
it is saved into
the device keychain.
On iOS devices
the authentication response
can be synced to other
iOS devices via iCloud Keychain.
And on Apple TV,
the authentication response
will not leave the device
because tvOS does not support
iCloud Keychain.
The purpose
of the authentication context
is to provide OS-level
authentication
across supported apps.
The first step of this process
is to prompt a person
to type in their credentials
by presenting them UI
for authentication.
To specify the UI
for this credential entry,
use an authenticationTemplate.
This is an XML document
similar to the examples
we provide in documentation.
When you provide us this XML,
we take it and format it
to look like
part of the Apple system UI,
depending on which platform
the person is using.
For example, the default
username-password template here,
can be applied to both iOS
and tvOS devices.
The autoAuthenticationTemplate
doesn't ask the customer
to enter credentials.
Instead,
it informs the customer
which account they will be
automatically authenticated to,
and gives them an option
to manually sign in
to a different account.
This template is also applicable
to both iOS and tvOS devices.
If you are not able
to directly take credentials
from a customer,
we provide alternative templates
for authentication
in special cases.
The onscreenCode
AuthenticationTemplate
only applies to tvOS.
It displays an onscreen code
for a person to enter
on a web browser
on a separate device,
such as their phone, tablet,
or computer.
The webAuthenticationTemplate
applies only to iOS devices.
It launches a web view,
like this,
using the URL specified.
To communicate between
the authentication context
and the web view
that is launched,
you use the
VideoSubscriberAccount class.
To get started, you will create
an authentication context
with JavaScript and define
the authentication UI
with XML templates.
Host this JavaScript file
on your server.
Remember only to write
one authentication context,
because the same one
can be used for both devices.
Lastly, after writing
your context and XML,
send us the TV provider
onboarding data.
This data includes the name
to be displayed in our UI
for the TV provider;
the identifier
for the TV provider,
which will be used
in our systems
to identify the TV provider
uniquely amongst others;
and the authentication URL,
the URL we need to ping
on the TV provider server
to access and download
your authentication
context to device.
Send us the artwork
to be displayed
for the TV provider's brand
in the App Store UI.
For more details
on the artwork specs,
see our documentation.
Send us
a supported channel list.
This is an optional piece
of onboarding data.
Here, a channel references
TV provider-supported apps.
In the Apple TV
distribution program,
one app will be
automatically installed
after the authentication flow;
that's the main app.
If you have any additional apps
that use your
TV provider credentials,
use this list to show those
other TV provider-supported apps
to the customer.
To begin developing
the authentication context,
handle the callbacks
for requests
made by the
VideoSubscriberAccount framework
to the authentication context.
The first is onLaunch.
This indicates what should
happen after a TV provider
is selected from the
VideoSubscriberAccount list.
After selecting a TV provider,
a pending screen appears
until the next callback.
onShowUserInterface.
After launch, then you must
handle the callback
to show the authentication
template for credential entry.
Next is onRequest.
After credentials are entered,
you take those credentials
and send them directly to
your identity provider server.
These credentials
are not stored on device.
An authentication response
is sent back from the server
to the authentication context
to the VideoSubscriberAccount
framework
to establish system-level
authentication.
App-level authentication
requests
will only be sent for processing
if this system-level
authentication is good.
To debug your application,
enable Developer Mode
on your iOS and tvOS devices
to add and test your TV provider
before code is live.
To specifically debug
your authentication context,
use Safari Web Inspector.
Make sure to enable
Web Inspector on device
so your macOS device
can debug the JavaScript.
In summary,
the authentication context
is a JavaScript-based
web service
that facilitates communication
between the identity provider
server for a TV provider
and the VideoSubscriberAccount
framework.
Thank you.